There are days when we leave very early
home does not know what time it will come back
huh
either because of a marathon of
work or because you have to send
commitment in the other finally a day like
those that save our life is a juice
that goes for a meal
good in this juice I'll put everything
have more consistency in this life in a
micro mango banana carrot beet
oats cinnamon and honey will become one
delight with the amendment milk is well
basically we're basically going to play
everything in the blender
I'll start with the banana scent banana
everyone knows this as the
people will stay on the street and whole
she will prevent us from having cameras
It was love the same thing.
he is so rich in potassium he helps
muscle activity in the middle of the
a lot of fruit you will not feel
flavor do not be scared potato beet
carotene always important carrot
also to wake our melamine
vegetables have many properties like that.
as the mango has a lot of fiber it will be
wonderful the gut girls let's
add the good vein to the heart
the cholesterol in linseed which is always good
also
When we make fruit juice at
people put or flaxseed or xia she
help to keep everything in
people a cinnamon secret vote only one
A little taste of cinnamon I
I think it's delicious and cinnamon is great for
immunity
honey is optional, it's just to give a
My sweet, you too.
replace by hiv or by miracle of
Cane is here or add that you can
use to thicken the juice and it also
is very good account of that substance in
muscles you find in
natural products
and also the milk of almonds
You can use milk rice milk from
almonds 14 at night soy milk
the cow's milk I'm going to put a little
More of my peanut milk and I'm going to hit
very simple very practical very
nutritious you will not go to perrengue
more on your super busy day
try subscribing here on channel me
write down here in the comments
to say what you found
I see you in the next big kiss a lot
light